docs(demo): add tail-based sampling example using service.criticality (#9468)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/demo/sample-configurations/tail-sampling-service-criticality.md

        type: and
        and:
          and_sub_policy:
            - name: is-critical-or-high
              type: string_attribute
              string_attribute:
                key: service.criticality
                values:
                  - critical
                  - high
            - name: is-slow
              type: latency
              latency:
                threshold_ms: 5000

service:
  pipelines:
    traces:
      receivers: [otlp]
      processors: [resourcedetection, memory_limiter, transform, tail_sampling]
      exporters: [otlp, debug, spanmetrics]
```

## How It Works

The tail-sampling processor evaluates completed traces against the configured
policies. A trace is sampled if **any** policy matches:

1. **Critical services** are always sampled to ensure full visibility into
   payment flows, checkout, and user-facing services.
2. **High-criticality services** are sampled at 50%, balancing observability
   with data volume.
3. **Medium and low-criticality services** are progressively sampled at lower
   rates to reduce noise from less critical paths.
4. **Errors are always captured** regardless of service criticality, ensuring no
   issues go unnoticed.

> 5. **Slow traces** (>5s) from critical and high-criticality services are always

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Critical services** are always sampled to ensure full visibility into
   payment flows, checkout, and user-facing services.
- **High-criticality services** are sampled at 50%, balancing observability
   with data volume.
- **Medium and low-criticality services** are progressively sampled at lower
   rates to reduce noise from less critical paths.
- **Errors are always captured** regardless of service criticality, ensuring no
   issues go unnoticed.
- **Slow traces** (>5s) from critical and high-criticality services are always
```
